---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_endpoint"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-private-endpoint"
description: |-
  Manage Azure PrivateEndpoint instance.
---

# azurerm_private_endpoint

Manage Azure PrivateEndpoint instance.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-rg"
  location = "West US2"
}

resource "azurerm_private_endpoint" "example" {
  name                = "acctestendpoint"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  subnet_id           = "/subscriptions/67a9759d-d099-4aa8-8675-e6cfd669c3f4/resourceGroups/demo2-zhijie-westus2/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/zhijie-vnet/subnets/default"

  manual_private_link_service_connections {
    name = "acctestconnection"
    id   = "/subscriptions/67a9759d-d099-4aa8-8675-e6cfd669c3f4/resourceGroups/demo2-zhijie-westus2/providers/Microsoft.Network/privateLinkServices/zhijie-pls"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the private endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet from which the private IP will be allocated.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `manual_private_link_service_connections` - (Optional) One or more `manual_private_link_service_connection` block defined below.

* `private_link_service_connections` - (Optional) One or more `private_link_service_connection` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `manual_private_link_service_connection` block supports the following:

* `private_link_service_id` - (Required) The resource id of private link service.

* `group_ids` - (Optional) The ID(s) of the group(s) obtained from the remote resource that this private endpoint should connect to.

* `request_message` - (Optional) A message passed to the owner of the remote resource with this connection request. Restricted to 140 chars.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `status` - Indicates whether the connection has been Approved/Rejected/Removed by the owner of the service.

---

The `private_link_service_connection` block supports the following:

* `private_link_service_id` - (Required) The resource id of private link service.

* `group_ids` - (Optional) The ID(s) of the group(s) obtained from the remote resource that this private endpoint should connect to.

* `request_message` - (Optional) A message passed to the owner of the remote resource with this connection request. Restricted to 140 chars.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource that is unique within a resource group. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `status` - Indicates whether the connection has been Approved/Rejected/Removed by the owner of the service.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `network_interfaces` - One or more `network_interface` block defined below.

---

The `network_interface` block contains the following:

* `id` - Resource ID.
